docs: Add docs for `allow_reuse` (#1135)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: docs/usage/validators.md

You'll often want to use this together with `pre`, since otherwise with `always=True`
*pydantic* would try to validate the default `None` which would cause an error.

## Reuse validators

Occasionally, you will want to use the same validator on multiple fields/models (e.g. to
normalize some input data). The "naive" approach would be to write a separate
classmethod for each field. E.g.:

```py
{!.tmp_examples/validators_allow_reuse.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

Obviously, this entails a lot of repetition and boiler plate code. To circumvent this,
the `allow_reuse` parameter has been added to `pydantic.validator` in version 1.2
(`False` by default):

```py
{!.tmp_examples/validators_allow_reuse2.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

As it is obvious, repetition has been reduced and the models become again almost
declarative.

!!! note
    In case you find the syntax strange - it is indeed unusual! - you should [read a bit
    more](https://www.google.com/search?q=python+decorators+syntax) about python
    decorators.

!!! tip

>     If you have a lot of fields that you want to validate, it usually makes sense to

Reviewer: good to have this tip, but I don't think it needs it's own code example. Also all code should be in python files so they can be linted etc.

Author: It was a complete example that's why I chose to have it inline. I will remove it.

You'll often want to use this together with `pre`, since otherwise with `always=True`
*pydantic* would try to validate the default `None` which would cause an error.

## Reuse validators

Occasionally, you will want to use the same validator on multiple fields/models (e.g. to

> normalize some input data). The "naive" approach would be to write a separate

Reviewer: I don't think we need the "naive" example, you can either omit this sentence completely or say something like

> the naive approach would be to implement a separate function, then call it from multiple decorators. Obviously, this entails a lot of repetition and ...

classmethod for each field. E.g.:

```py
{!.tmp_examples/validators_allow_reuse.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

Obviously, this entails a lot of repetition and boiler plate code. To circumvent this,

> the `allow_reuse` parameter has been added to `pydantic.validator` in version 1.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `allow_reuse` parameter has been added to `pydantic.validator` in **v1.2**
```
to be consistent with the rest of the docs.

(`False` by default):

```py
{!.tmp_examples/validators_allow_reuse2.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

As it is obvious, repetition has been reduced and the models become again almost
declarative.

!!! note

>     In case you find the syntax strange - it is indeed unusual! - you should [read a bit

Reviewer: I don't think we need this, also I don't think just linking to a google search is helpful. It feels a bit passive aggressive like lmgtfy
